thanks mum you're welcome messy okay
any time yes smelly cool isn't it it is
really yeah
what's that
[Music]
if harvey could live in a residential
place
where i know sociably he's having a
laugh
doing activities fun stuff that i can't
do for him then obviously i'd want him
to have that
i'm just very protective of him
one of harvey's main trigger points is
banging
doors yeah that will it's that bad that
he will smash a window that's one of his
main triggers
so we'll make make a point of trying to
avoid that as we go around brilliant
do you like it here it's beautiful
thanks thank you
so if you stand just there how are you
feeling everyone
it would be very exciting do you want to
say hello to everyone huh hi
guys welcome to our college
you're gonna hear all the sounds you do
at your schoolhouse you better be
be careful
[Music]
so i have chill out we're going to go
somewhere else now
what's off of that you didn't like that
that's the door he hates the doors
banging
i think you've done really well looking
at everything that you've done
so oh what a day i know it's all a bit
much isn't it
what does that do to your ears when the
doors bang that's good it makes you a
bit scared
[Music]
the kids there seemed happy they had all
the great facilities
but it just didn't feel right for me or
harvey okay
just re right
you want to put your ear defenders on
yeah come on just in case you hit batman
noises
[Music]
i said you was happy right now
put them on please the doors
there you go half that's good isn't it
right before we start look at mummy
right look like look at mommy like look
at mommy a minute
right um count to ten and then i'll talk
to you
three three four five
six seven eight nine
seven right now look at me what did
mommy say
you're not staying here okay we're just
looking so right if we fast forward at
the end
is goodbye so in a few hours we will say
goodbye okay
and then you and mom will go in the car
okay are you going home today
oh yeah yeah like comedy bear
what do you think you're having a little
look around half
if you had a bedroom like this what do
you think yeah
tv big bathroom in there
what would you think that is beautiful
do you like it cool
but quite a nice view as well in here
all the trees in the background
oh lovely
[Music]
oh look at it that's the biggest smile
i've seen on harvey pride
so this is the sensory guard but we're
gonna go see sensory room next oh
yeah i think for his sake
he's gotta have a life and learn himself
absolutely i speak for him sometimes
when i arrived here i know you're asking
halfway questions and i'm like yeah all
right harvey would do this
so it's like situations like this
because i just think i'm helping but
he's got to learn
you're not having me there like there's
mum and you will do that i know and i
don't mean to
and that's one of the things that the
students do benefit from when they come
here
because they haven't they haven't got
that mum that can speak for them and can
do things for them so they have to
they have to work with the staff and
learn to have confidence in directing
what their needs are with people
that at first are unfamiliar to them and
then we're going to go see mum now
and then we're going to say goodbye okay
okay okay
thanks bye guys
[Music]
thank you very much for coming thank you
for coming
really good
what a day
what did you think of the school here
it's wicked would you be happy if you
came here
yes mum would you yeah mom even though
it's a long drive from home
would that be okay cool anything you
want to say you're amazing thank you for
the school
yeah you're welcome
[Music]
say bye huh
you